
Requirement:
1. change App title to "KalaHoo" in English and "卡啦虎" in Chinese. Use images/kalahu.jpeg as the app icon.
2. i18n support for English and Chinese. User can switch between English and Chinese.

3. Voice list: change the voice name to a user-friendly name. has i18n form English and Chinese.
   have more characters of the voice if possible: man/woman, yang/old, 方言.
   use Approach: Static mapping table (recommended)

4. change Stop to Puse/Resume functionality to stop and continue TTS reading(page reading). 
   When Pused, next action is not Resume, Pause works as Stop.

5. use icon buttons instead of text buttons?

6. header changes: KalaHoo -> KalaHoo Reader. 卡啦虎 -> 卡啦虎朗读

7. add Spanish as a language option - reading and i18n support. 

8. add 中文 方言 广东话 as Voice option.

9. save text page content(sample and user input) to local storage. can be loaded later. 
   saved content can be edit, undo edit, save or delete. delete has a worning message.
   remove the sample buttons. make the samples selectable and loadable.

10. app icon: use images/kalahoo.jpeg as the new app icon.

11. change "Read Page" to "Continue Read" function. tap or tap and hold to set the start position. 
    "Continue Read" is same as Read Page, but it starts from the position where the user set.
    pause/resume on sentence level, not paragraph level.

12. on continue read, always high light one sentence by one sentence. 
    Pause/Resume always heppen on the high lighted sentence.

13. on reading page, I like the page to automatically scroll when read out of view. so the highlighted sentence is always visible.
    on contents list, I like to have a "+" icon to add a new content.
    on the reading page, I like to preview/select font and character size of the text. App should remember the user's choice.

14: I want to record the content reading into a mp4 video. 
    Include the contents, hight lights, auto-scroll and reading voice.
    make it good as a youtube video.

15. add OCR functionality to extract text from images or camera input.

16. add translation functionality to translate text to English and Chinese.

014. 多人对话(朗读): 
     文本格式依照角色分配，每个角色分配不同的句子。旁白也是一个角色。
     
    1.文本格式示例：角色前缀 + 冒号 + 内容

     旁白：今天天气很好，适合出去走走。

     阿明：今日个天气真系唔错啊，行下公园好舒服。

     May：系啊，太阳晒住，风又凉爽，真系适合周末。

     阿芳：我好少黎呢个公园，原来呢度风景咁靓。

    2.用户为每个角色选择不同的语音。语言由文本内容决定。

     旁白：男声。

     阿明：男声。

     May：女声。

     阿芳：女声。

     如无设定，系统自动分配， 优先选择同语言，同性别，同方言。

    3.设定文本类型：可选择 (标准，多人对话)
      标准: 一个旁白角色. 读所有内容。（默认）
      多人对话: 多个角色分别读各自的内容。不读角色前缀 （即：不读"旁白："，"阿明："等），是对话不是读书。

    4.生成视频时，语音与对话(朗读)相同，只显示当前句子，文字不显示 角色前缀 + 冒号，只显示内容。
